Re-fresh releases docs (#653)
ROCm/TheRock: RELEASES.md

# Releases

> This is a quick overview of how to consume our current build, release [artifacts](docs/development/artifacts.md) and Python packages.

Reviewer: nit: Oxford comma
```suggestion
This is a quick overview of how to consume our current build, release [artifacts](docs/development/artifacts.md), and Python packages.
```

### From per-commit CI builds

> Our CI builds artifacts need to be flattened to be used. Leverage the `build_tools/fileset_tool.py artifact-flatten` command. You will need to have a checkout (see for example [Clone and fetch sources](https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/blob/main/docs/development/windows_support.md#clone-and-fetch-sources)) in ${SOURCE_DIR} to leverage this tool and a Python environment.

Reviewer: grammar + rewording

```suggestion
Our CI builds artifacts which need to be "flattened" by the `build_tools/fileset_tool.py artifact-flatten` command before they can be used. You will need to have a checkout (see for example [Clone and fetch sources](https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/blob/main/docs/development/windows_support.md#clone-and-fetch-sources)) in `${SOURCE_DIR}` to use this tool and a Python environment.
```

- [Packages](https://github.com/orgs/ROCm/packages?repo_name=TheRock): We currently publish docker images for LLVM targets we support (as well as a container for our build machines)

- [Per-commit CI builds](https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amain+is%3Asuccess): Each of our latest passing CI builds has its own artifacts you can leverage. This is the latest and greatest! We will eventually support a nightly release that is at a higher quality bar than CI. Note a quick recipe for getting all of these from the s3 bucket is to use this quick command `aws s3 cp s3://therock-artifacts . --recursive --exclude "*" --include "${RUN_ID}-${OPERATING_SYSTEM}/*.tar.xz" --no-sign-request` where ${RUN_ID} is the runner id you selected (see the URL). Check the [AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) to get the aws cli.

## Using our Python packages

> The Python packages contain pre-build libraries and tools but do not provide Python APIs for import or usage. Rather, pip is leveraged as a convient way to install the pre-build libraries and tools. For now, Python packages are only supported on Linux.

Reviewer: grammar

```suggestion
The Python packages contain pre-built libraries and tools but do not provide Python APIs for import or usage. Rather, pip is leveraged as a convient way to install the pre-build libraries and tools. For now, Python packages are only supported on Linux.
```

Another thing we can do for "For now, Python packages are only supported on Linux." is to provide a support table like https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/blob/0f97bd525e6d1d0f71c1ac70149ecdd9e9fc4125/README.md?plain=1#L21-L24

When reading paragraphs of text, it is easy to miss one sentence in the middle or even at the end. Tables and other visual elements can break up the flow and make it easier to see information at a glance.

Author: SGTM, I'll add a table.

Author: Added a table.

- [Packages](https://github.com/orgs/ROCm/packages?repo_name=TheRock): We currently publish docker images for LLVM targets we support (as well as a container for our build machines)

- [Per-commit CI builds](https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amain+is%3Asuccess): Each of our latest passing CI builds has its own artifacts you can leverage. This is the latest and greatest! We will eventually support a nightly release that is at a higher quality bar than CI. Note a quick recipe for getting all of these from the s3 bucket is to use this quick command `aws s3 cp s3://therock-artifacts . --recursive --exclude "*" --include "${RUN_ID}-${OPERATING_SYSTEM}/*.tar.xz" --no-sign-request` where ${RUN_ID} is the runner id you selected (see the URL). Check the [AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) to get the aws cli.

## Using our Python packages

> The Python packages contain pre-build libraries and tools but do not provide Python APIs for import or usage. Rather, pip is leveraged as a convient way to install the pre-build libraries and tools. For now, Python packages are only supported on Linux.

Reviewer: What you have now for python package information is a good start, but I think we can get the message across more clearly with some renaming and restructuring.

* Rather than frame this as "using our python packages", how about "Installing TheRock using pip"? That way, we lead with "installing TheRock" or "installing ROCm" and pip/Python is a detail.
* We can clarify that the packages do not come with Python APIs, just distributed prebuilt native tools, _after_ explaining the primary function.
* With that new framing, the tip about installing into a virtual environment has more meaning. Virtual environments can be swapped between and activated/deactivated at will. You can also have multiple virtual environments present on a system at a time.
* Similarly, the warning about `--break-system-packages` and `/usr/local/bin/` could be flipped to a "if you want a system-wide install, do this instead".

> [!TIP]
>

> > We highly recommend to create an virtual environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We highly recommend working within a [Python virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html)
```

> ```bash
> python -m venv .venv
> source .venv/bin/activate
> ```

> [!WARNING]

> > If installing the Python packages by passing `--break-system-packages` to `pip`, commandline interface shims for executables get installed to `/usr/local/bin` which normally has precende over `/usr/bin` and might therefore conflict with a previous installation of ROCm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If installing the Python packages by passing `--break-system-packages` to `pip`, commandline interface shims for executables get installed to `/usr/local/bin` which normally has precedence over `/usr/bin` and might therefore conflict with a previous installation of ROCm.
```

> In dependence of the respective GPU architecture the URL to the appropirate index file must be passed to install the respective packages.
> On of the following commands can be used to install `rocm-sdk[libraries,devel]`.
> 
> ### gfx942-dcgpu
> 
> ```bash
> python -m pip install --find-links https://therock-nightly-python.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/gfx94X-dcgpu/index.html \
>   rocm-sdk[libraries,devel]
> ```

Reviewer: The first sentence here is difficult to parse. How about something more like this? 

````suggestion
To install TheRock from pip, you must provide a link to the index page for your desired GPU architecture.
One of the following commands can be used to install `rocm-sdk[libraries,devel]`.

### gfx942-dcgpu

```bash
python -m pip install --find-links https://therock-nightly-python.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/gfx94X-dcgpu/index.html \
  rocm-sdk[libraries,devel]
```
````

We could also link to https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#finding-packages
